# List of Ruby Projects to make #

Objective: 

The list here is meant to set some attainable goals for establishing a productive programming routine while potentially creating a portfolio. This is anticipating the Access Labs bootcamp that I will be attending. These projects are meant to showcase all of my technical knowledge. I will be implementing my Ruby knowledge with Rails on the backend and using vanilla Javascript and it's frameworks on the front-end. I would also like to focus on doing some backend programming with JS but haven't decided what projects to do this with yet. Will update further in the near future once I am much more familiar with some of the frameworks and their capabilities.

1. Basic Rails App
2. A site for Logical Fallacies
3. Website that links to information regarding US foreign policy
4. A personal website/blog
5. Website that links to information regarding political ideologies
6. A Ruby Webscraper
7. Social Network Utility
		a.) have posts, followers, comments, and at least one unique/advanced feature.
		b.) Would show that I would know how to work comfortably with complex data models such as ones required by social networking application.
8. API Tool
		a.) Develop a search engine for StackOverflow (or something) that enables more advanced features than the main web application.
	b.) A project lik ethis would show that you can work with APIs and can implement a search engine feature.
9. Accounting Application
		a.) Works with financial calculationsm callbacks, advanced database queries, and information security
10. Scheduling Application
		a.) Will show tha you know how to work with date and times, along with complex validations.
11. Front End Application
		a.) Build app with front end framework such as Angular JS or React and integrate it with Rails backend.
		b.) Will show that you know how to work with service based architecture.
12. Leah's personal website
13. The Scythian Productions website





The list will undoubtedly evolve and grow. STAY MOTIVATED. GET SHIT DONE!